yes, So each person in the chain of command or at a command has different
roles. When dealing with the sexual assault you have your victim
advocate is there primarily for the victim. Um, they're they're going
to see everything from their point of view. You have a chaplain who
has is a unequal footing, has has an opportunity. Thio listen to
advise based on 100% confidentiality. There's no risk of it going up
the chain of command or to anybody else, because the confidence really
lies in the person telling you, have your command who has to who
is responsible for making sure that the victim and the accused is taking
care of fairly and that there is a process put in place and then
you have outside Fleet and family who have array of resource is that
can support both individuals with counseling with advocacy and different
avenues to that. So there's really is limit list, but each
of them have different roles and what they can and cannot report. But
the understanding those is important